Fengtian carried the emperor's edict that the world was great
Linjiang City is on fire
The lamb of the grandson of the duke
As the chief inspector of Linjiang City
Linjiang City big and small things start immediately
Do not be mistaken
Lamb collar decree thank you treasure
Lamb Thank Your Majesty for His Grace
The ability of the poor son
How to Apply for the Post of Supervisor
The people of a city can't tolerate the slightest nonsense
Kojiro, this is all His Majesty's will
Now it's on fire.
The magistrate is waiting outside
Please ask Gao Yushi to pack up quickly
Coming soon
This is His Majesty's test for you
If it soars into the sky
But you must remember
Would rather not do
Don't make mistakes
Even if it doesn't
This old man can also save your life
A blessing or a curse
It's up to you.
Linjiang City is more than 200 miles away from Chang'an
It's inevitable to toss along the way
Lu Luo, you follow Yang Er to take care of his daily life
Brother, this is peach blossom cake.
You eat on the way.
Brother you dog
Give you another half a month.
Yingying, don't worry.
You have often been to Xiaoyang Village when you pickled geese in the capital
I have to take care of it for you.
You don't have to miss it.
Hey hey night road
Roll within 30
Brother, you can rest assured that the organization women will be able to greet you
Oh, Mom.
Leaf this is an opportunity
It's a crisis.
And remember, don't let it get out of hand.
Although my father is a rebel
But whether it's at the Golden Gate or now
Always protect me
Grandpa Gao Tianlong is not good at words
But equally protective
And mother
Little sister, even in a lifetime
I have never felt this warmth
Lamb, lamb
Don't worry.
I will renew the kung fu for you
A century of glory
A mere Linjiang City grain driver
It will come down within ten days
Father is here in Chang'an City
Waiting for the good news from the child
This big Gao family should also be replaced
Baby go